

Create a scraper.js file that will contain your command line application. Your project should also include a package.json file that includes your project’s dependencies. The npm install command should install your dependencies.

Program your scraper to check for a folder called ‘data’. If the folder doesn’t exist, the scraper should create one. If the folder does exist, the scraper should do nothing.

Choose and use third-party npm packages.

For scraping content from the site, either use a scraping module or use the Cheerio module to create your own scraper.

To create the CSV file, use a CSV creation module.

Be sure to research the best package to use (see the project resources for a link to the video about how to choose a good npm package). Both packages should meet the following requirements:

At least 1,000 downloads

Has been updated in the last six months

Program your scraper

Your scraper should visits the website http://shirts4mike.com and use http://shirts4mike.com/shirts.php as single entry point to scrape information for 8 tee-shirts from the site, without using any hard-coded urls like http://www.shirts4mike.com/shirt.php?id=101. If you’re unsure of how to get started, try googling ‘node scraper’ to get a feel for what a scraper is and what it does.

Scraping and Saving Data:

The scraper should get the price, title, url and image url from the product page and save this information into a CSV file.

The information should be stored in an CSV file that is named for the date it was created, e.g. 2016-11-21.csv.

Assume that the the column headers in the CSV need to be in a certain order to be correctly entered into a database. They should be in this order: Title, Price, ImageURL, URL, and Time

The CSV file should be saved inside the ‘data’ folder.

If your program is run twice, it should overwrite the data in the CSV file with the updated information.

If http://shirts4mike.com is down, an error message describing the issue should appear in the console.

The error should be human-friendly, such as “There’s been a 404 error. Cannot connect to http://shirts4mike.com.”

To test and make sure the error message displays as expected, you can disable the wifi on your computer or device.
